1. What are three positive things people say about you? Which one of the three you don’t agree with?
   That I am the goodest person that they've ever met (like personality), Luminous person, Funny guy (I think I am not so funny at all, most of the time I am serious especially when there is work to be done, I like to do my work ASAP. so I can be calm for later)

2. What types of personalities do you work with best? If you could form a team of one back-end developer, one front end developer, one product owner and you, describe the types of people you would prefer in the team.
  Back-end developer - A person who don't like to talk too much but can get the job done quick great proffesional and ofcourse a positive person.
  Front end developer - Person who have great imaginations about the products, art perspective look, loves to see beautiful things with fulfilled with positivity.
  One product owner - Guys who can deal with a lot of stress and different people personalities with a great communication skills and a big smile.
  Me - for me I would say that I will test the every single inch of the products that my colleagues creates, speak a lot with them getting to know each other so the work can proceed and the final goal is reached.

3. Give an example of when you compete hard and won.
   I love when I compete about new things especially new knowledge and after all the hard work I see the results with my own eyes and getting better in the field I started developing in.

4. Give me an example of how you multitask successfully.
  In my previous job, my work was to watch 7 - 10 different web pages and adjust the odds up to 4 different matches at the same time.

5. Give me a real-life example of how you failed.
  Every person failes in this life, but that is our strenght to move foward and keep going, for me the faileurs are lessons and I learn from them. I think I failed for not starting developing myself earlier and learning more.

6. If life is a software, describe 5 bugs you have spotted.
  1: Where we all came from and where we are going.
  2: Why we are born to die.
  3: There should be more happiness in our world.
  4: All the dictators over the years and all great minds have so many mysteries around them.
  5: Why we only see and know the 1 side of the moon.

 7. Describe a time when you had difficulty communicating your thoughts clearly to an individual or group.
  When I start to explain in great detail and the essence of what was said is lost, that's why I like to explain briefly and very clearly.

 8. Tell me about a situation in which you’ve made a mistake that affected others.
  I haven't been in a similar situation for a long time and I don't remember

 9. Tell me about a situation when you provided full support for a team decision that you didn’t agree with.
  Most of the time the big decisions are made by the team leaders we may not agree with it sometimes but that doesn't matter and I have to get on with my job and I would give my support in any way

10. If you start your own brand today, what would be the slogan of your brand?
  We help each others for brighter tommorow.

11. Let say that your ‘bad day’ is a bug. What type of testing can you apply, so the bug wouldn’t appear anymore?
  I would find the bug core, what caused the problem and I wouldn't do the same thing again so the bug won't appear anymore.

12. Give an example of an occasion when you used logic to solve a problem.
  Every problem have a solution, just sometimes the solutions are really hard to be found and with the help of the logic and analytical thinking we can solve every problem and yes I use logic in every situation in my life.








